Update default component heights (#984)
sumup-oss/circuit-ui: .changeset/few-tomatoes-march.md

---
'@sumup/circuit-ui': major
---

> Button component sizes have been updated with the new values. The default **_mega_** size value has been changed to **_giga_**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Increased the Button sizes to match other form components and renamed the default size from `mega` to `giga`.
```

Is there a codemod for this? If so, please mention it in the changeset (e.g. "🤖 _button-default-size_".
